Descriptions Part 3 (#3215)
awesome-selfhosted/awesome-selfhosted: README.md

**[`^        back to top        ^`](#)**

> A [gateway](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Gateway_(telecommunications)) is a piece of networking hardware or software used in telecommunications networks that allows data to flow from one discrete network to another.

Reviewer: Software listed here does not fit this description - the section is not about network gateways, but a mish-mash of remote desktop servers, protocol "adapters" (e.g. SSH over HTTP), jumpboxes/bastions, VPNs, in-browser operating systems... I mentioned this in a previous PR.

I don't know what should be done exactly:
- rename the section? It will be hard since it's so mixed up.
- split it into more meaningful sections/categories? We would have to find which ones exactly (`Terminal Sharing` is an obvious one, maybe `Remote Access`, don't know about the others). Also _Any category you are creating has the minimum requirement of 3 items._
- move all items to `Miscellaneous`? Or just items which do not clearly fit in a category?
- leave it as-is (no description) and wait for https://github.com/awesome-selfhosted/awesome-selfhosted/milestone/2 to be completed which will allow more fine-grained/multiple categories for each item.

Last 2 solutions look OK to me.

Author: > Software listed here does not fit this description - the section is not about network gateways, but a mish-mash of remote desktop servers, protocol "adapters" (e.g. SSH over HTTP), jumpboxes/bastions, VPNs, in-browser operating systems... I mentioned this in a previous PR.
> 
> I don't know what should be done exactly:
> 
> * rename the section? It will be hard since it's so mixed up.
> * split it into more meaningful sections/categories? We would have to find which ones exactly (`Terminal Sharing` is an obvious one, maybe `Remote Access`, don't know about the others). Also _Any category you are creating has the minimum requirement of 3 items._
> * move all items to `Miscellaneous`? Or just items which do not clearly fit in a category?
> * leave it as-is (no description) and wait for https://github.com/awesome-selfhosted/awesome-selfhosted/milestone/2 to be completed which will allow more fine-grained/multiple categories for each item.
> 
> Last 2 solutions look OK to me.

I'd say merge without a description and over the next couple of days ill clean it up and push those which dont fit in a category into `Miscellaneous` while also cleaning up there if I can, there's a couple which have commit dates >2021 anyway

Reviewer: :+1:

**[`^        back to top        ^`](#)**

> [Map](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Map) and [GPS](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Global_Positioning_System) software.

Reviewer: I would add cartography and GIS:

```
[Maps](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Map), [cartography](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Cartography), [GIS](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Geographic_information_system) and [GPS](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Global_Positioning_System) software.
```

**[`^        back to top        ^`](#)**

> Software for [monitoring](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Monitoring) applications and websites. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Software for [monitoring](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Monitoring#Computing) systems, networks, applications and websites. 
```

**[`^        back to top        ^`](#)**

> All in one self hosting software.

Reviewer: Needs a better description in my opinion (what does it do? `Software for easy installation, management and configuration of self-hosted services and applications`?)

**[`^        back to top        ^`](#)**

> [Static site generators](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Web_template_system#Static_site_generators) can be viewed as a ready-made web design, used to mass-produce "cookie-cutter" websites for rapid deployment. They also commonly include themes in place of CSS styles. In general, the template language is used only with the editor's software.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
[Static site generators](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Web_template_system#Static_site_generators) generate full static HTML websites based on raw data, plain text files and a set of templates. 
```
